This section includes:

Company purpose, offering, and
difference

Capabilities

Experience
Company purpose, offering, and difference 
1. Describe the core values and / or mission statement of your organization
2. What unique value proposition does your company offer?
3. What advantages do you hold over your competitors?
1. Describe the core values and / or mission statement of your organization
We are Avalere Health. Guided by a single mission to make EVERY PATIENT
POSSIBLE, our Advisory, Medical, and Marketing capabilities move as one,
ensuring every patient is identified, supported, treated, and cared for, equally.
CORPORATE RESPONSE DATABASE II
Commercial Information (General)
5/11/26, 12:59 PM
Commercial Information (General)
https://avalerehealtheur.sharepoint.com/sites/ASK/ASKRFI/SitePages/Commercial-Information-General.aspx
1/7


 
Source: Previous response Aug '25
Subject owner(s): Lisa Murphy
2. What unique value proposition does your company offer?
At Avalere Health, we are guided by a single mission: EVERY PATIENT POSSIBLE. A
truly purpose-led approach uniting our three capabilities – Advisory, Medical, and
Marketing – to ensure every patient is identified, supported, treated, and cared
for – equally.
Our teams are equipped to work across the product lifecycle and poised to
advise our clients to prepare, respond, and course correct to the changing
landscape pharma is facing today. We are: 
-    On the pulse of the dynamic health policy
-    Connected to payer, clinical and patient influencers
-    Underpinned by digital and AI capabilities 
-    Structured to integrate without complication
Our teams are powered by a proprietary strategic model – SenseMaking – a
shared approach that understands and transforms the intricate web of science,
society, and systems into actionable solutions. This facilitates closer alignment
across our clients’ organizations to deliver initiatives with clarity, consistency and
the impact required to overcome the persistent health inequalities.
This is our difference; we mobilize our depth of expertise like no other to solve
the biggest challenges in health and help clients bring more medicines, services,
and technologies within reach of more patients than ever before.  
We know your challenges. We’ve experienced them, navigated the solutions, and
are best placed to help you guide assets through their lifecycle so that no patient
is left behind. 
 
Source: Previous response Aug '25
Subject owner(s): 
3. What advantages do you hold over your competitors?
5/11/26, 12:59 PM
Commercial Information (General)
https://avalerehealtheur.sharepoint.com/sites/ASK/ASKRFI/SitePages/Commercial-Information-General.aspx
2/7


Our united purpose, integrated structure, and common methodology provide key
advantages unique to Avalere Health that can unlock greater potential and
efficiency for clients. 
Firstly, we can provide unparalleled insights and discover fresh, customized
solutions previously overlooked or unexplored. Our integrated structure means
our Medical communications teams can transcend traditional approaches, draw
upon groupwide resources, data, and thinking to add value and innovation.  
Furthermore, our elite SenseMaking approach equips our teams with expertise
across the matrix of science, society, and systems upon which healthcare
commercialization resides, allowing us to transform complex medical problems
into actionable solutions. 
Finally, our unity and deep therapeutic expertise across all key disease areas
enables us to assemble a talented, agile team of experts at pace and suited to
your needs, so we can deliver clarity, consistency, and impact from day one. 
 
Source: Previous response Dec '25.
Subject owner(s): 
Capabilities
1. List of core services
Medical:
- Strategy and insight
- Medical affairs
- Scientific publications
- Medical education
- Promotional medical education
- Meetings and events
- Expert Partnerships
 
Advisory
- Market access, pricing, and reimbursement
5/11/26, 12:59 PM
Commercial Information (General)
https://avalerehealtheur.sharepoint.com/sites/ASK/ASKRFI/SitePages/Commercial-Information-General.aspx
3/7


- Evidence, value, and evidence
- Policy engagement
- Strategic consultancy
 
Marketing
- Brand strategy
- Campaign development and asset creation
- Patient experience
- Media and omnichannel
- Internal readiness and training
- Above-brand access marketing
Source: Recent RFI Response Dec '25. 
Subject owner(s): 
2. Please summarize the range of services you offer.
Avalere Health offers a full suite of healthcare commercialization services across
the product development lifecycle. We offer category excellence across all our
capabilities: Medical, Advisory, and Marketing.
Our Medical services span all aspects of publications, including strategic
planning, writing, data visualization, editorial support, plain language summaries,
and AI-augmented solutions. In parallel, our medical affairs teams provide expert
and patient mapping and engagement, scientific narratives and platforms,
medical portals, MSL tools and training, medical education, and comprehensive
support across meetings, workshops, advisory boards, and congresses. Our three
Expert Partnerships also provide unique access to independent expert faculties in
oncology, dermatology, and hepatology.
Our Advisory teams deliver strategic leadership across healthcare policy; market
access, pricing and reimbursement; evidence and value generation; and strategic
consultancy throughout the product lifecycle, bringing actionable insight and
value to our clients.
Our Marketing capabilities bring brands to markets and ultimately patients, from
strategy through execution. This encompasses compelling campaign and asset
development, enhanced patient experiences, media and omnichannel activation,
internal launch readiness and training, and agency-of-record portfolio
management.
5/11/26, 12:59 PM
Commercial Information (General)
https://avalerehealtheur.sharepoint.com/sites/ASK/ASKRFI/SitePages/Commercial-Information-General.aspx
4/7


Source: Recent RFI Responses Jan '26 
Subject owner(s): Antony Stewart
Experience
1.  What does the company consider its core therapy areas?
Since 2001, we have helped to bring hundreds of new drugs, therapies, and
devices to market, specializing in complex disease areas that demand a deep
understanding of science, society, and systems. To date we have launched 37
oncology products to market, and since 2021 we have conducted over 200
oncology engagements across all services. We have partnered with clients on a
range of solid and hematologic tumor treatments, including monoclonal
antibodies, ADCs, PD-1s and PARP inhibitors. Over 40% of our teams hold
oncology experience across indications, including in acute myeloid leukemia and
non-small cell lung cancer. 
This experience is augmented by our i-ONE expert partnership that gives clients
unprecedented access to 13 independent oncology ESEs. We also run similar
partnerships for dermatology (FIDE) and hepatology (IHEP). 
Additionally, all capabilities hold extensive expertise in immunology, respiratory,
neurology and infectious disease. Our teams are rare disease experts, having
shaped education in +40 rare disease areas and launched 25 rare disease
products in global, regional, and US domestic markets. 
Source(s): Oncology-focused answer - recent RFI response Dec '25
Subject owner(s): Antony Stewart
2.  Which countries (markets) have you delivered work for in the past 5
years?
5/11/26, 12:59 PM
Commercial Information (General)
https://avalerehealtheur.sharepoint.com/sites/ASK/ASKRFI/SitePages/Commercial-Information-General.aspx
5/7


Countries in which we operate
Canada, Greece, Republic of Ireland, Singapore, UK, USA
Additional countries for which we have delivered work (e.g. target market,
deployed in locale)
Europe: Austria, Belgium, Czechia, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany,
Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal,
Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Türkiye
Asia-Pacific: Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia,
Philippines, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, UAE
Latin America and Caribbean: Argentina, Barbados, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico
Africa: South Africa
Source(s): Recent RFI response Dec '25. Sourced from Advisory business
Subject owner(s): 
3.  What qualifications do your staff hold?
Our global team of 1300 experts draws on scientists, social scientists, medical
doctors, pharmacists, analysts, developers, and more. We have over 150 PhDs on
staff alongside postgraduates and certified professionals. Over 70% of our
Medical scientific team hold doctorates in relevant fields.  
Source(s): Various Dec '25.
Subject owner(s): Antony Stewart
Clients
5/11/26, 12:59 PM
Commercial Information (General)
https://avalerehealtheur.sharepoint.com/sites/ASK/ASKRFI/SitePages/Commercial-Information-General.aspx
6/7


1.  Please provide a list of clients you support or have previously supported.
[]
Source(s): 
Subject owner(s): Antony Stewart
5/11/26, 12:59 PM
Commercial Information (General)
https://avalerehealtheur.sharepoint.com/sites/ASK/ASKRFI/SitePages/Commercial-Information-General.aspx
7/7